TITLE: I will teach you Shopify Cashout latest Method 2022|23 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
I will teach you Shopify Cashout latest Method 2022|23 | Nemesis Market     
  Other  Â» Guides and Tutorials
I will teach you Shopify Cashout latest Method 2022|23
genesis
Rating: 4 out of 5
Reviews: 66
Sales: 283
35 USD
Posted 1 month ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Today I am exposing a legal method for carding known as the Shopify cashout
method.  
  
The Shopify carding and cashout method is a dropshipping method that you can
use either your credit card or CC to cashout legally.  
  
It is quite different from other carding methods like Amazon carding, Nike
carding, Apple store carding, etc., because it makes you the middleman instead
of the direct consumer.  
  
Shopify makes it easy to card and cashout, especially when you generate
reasonable traffic or visitors to access your Shopify store and order your
items. The only time you need CC on Shopify is when you order items or run
social media ads. Otherwise, you can use a personal credit card, although you
will not earn as high as the wholesaler.  
  
There are many platforms for creating e-commerce sites such as WordPress, Wix,
etc., but Shopify is a simplified solution for creating your online store for
cashout.  
  
In this article, I will teach you the requirements and steps to become a
dropshipper on Shopify and cashout with or without CC |personal credit card|.  
  
Shopify started in 2006, and it remains an excellent CMS for creating an
online store for carding. The beauty is that you can even share your Shopify
store for other carders to use for carding while you charge commission.  
  
Let us assume that you charge 10% for every carded sale. If 10 carders ship
from your store at USD100 each, you make USD100.  
  
To start selling on Shopify, you must select between the free and paid plans.
I recommend using the paid plans because it allows you to tweak your Shopify
store as you want with the available tools.  
  
The paid plans come at different prices, including USD29 and USD79. Since this
Shopify cashout method is legit, it is okay to pay for the premium plan. After
all, you will regain the money even before your account is suspended.  
  
The only reason why I recommend getting a premium plan is that it makes you
Shopify favorite.  
  
Most of the time, they can overlook your illegal activities, but you have to
stay on the low to cashout thousands of dollars.  
  
Note that as you continue to increase your sales, Shopify will ban your
account eventually. My Shopify account is still very active, and I am selling
it using a personal credit card without issues.
Refund policy
Please understand I am not here to hold your hand through this. Ultimately you
are responsible for your own setup and your own method. All items especially
card details are checked and confirmed live before being shipped out to you.
Replacements/refunds outside the day you actually received and attempted to
use the goods will not be permitted. Due to my strict checking policy I will
only offer a replacement or refund under the following conditions:  
  
1.Same day return - If you believe the card is dead and keeps declining on
your method message me as soon as possible. Replacement time is 2 hours and
you need to provide cc checker result before getting replacement or refund.  
  
2.Only finalized orders are considered received. Return window is 24h from
finalization date/time. 3.Burden of proof. Please submit link to a screenshot
showing the card declining on netflix or other popular free trial websites. I
will also accept luxchecker results if you prefer. *** If you send me a
message 3 days after I ship your order complaining that the card is dead and I
see you still have not finalized consider any refund/reship policy null and
void. All returns (even the stupid ones) will be handled on a case to case
basis to ensure customer satisfaction.  
  
4\. Triggering the security features during a login attempt is not a reason
for a replacement. This only happens on your end. I have no control over this.
If your system is not prepared efficiently before your login attempt you have
a very good chance of triggering the security feature. If you do not know how
to do this contact me politely and i will gladly help you for free.
