TITLE: OXANDROLONE 25 MG/CAPSULE OR ML MONSTERLAB | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
OXANDROLONE 25 MG/CAPSULE OR ML MONSTERLAB | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Steroids
OXANDROLONE 25 MG/CAPSULE OR ML MONSTERLAB
monsterlabstore
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 112
Sales: 377
100 USD
Shipping from Unknown Location to World Wide
Shipping methods:  International flat rate ― 30 day ― 10 USD  International
express ― 14 day ― 70 USD  Already payed 1 shipping ― 30 day ― 0 USD
Posted 9 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
PRODUCT INFO Item: 06 ALTERNATIVE STEROID NAMES: Anavar, Oxandrolone, Oxanbol,
Anatrophill, Lipidex, Lonavar, Vasorome, Oxandrin, Oxanabol, Oxandrolona,
Oxandrolonum, Protivar, Oxanadrolic, Oxan 5 ACTIVE SUBSTANCE: Oxandrolone
25mg/capsule 100 capsules or 100 ml depending on destination.  
  
Usual dosages: 50 - 100 mg per day  
  
Detection time: 3 weeks  
  
Best combined with: Bulking: Rarely used for bulking: Testosterone, Dianabol
Cutting: Primobolan, Winstrol, Halotestin, Proviron, Trenbolone  
  
  
Pros: Very good cutting agent, Low side Effects, Suitable for women Cons: High
price, countefeited / UG products rarely contain Oxandrolone  
  
Pharmaceutical Name: Oxandrolone (OXA)  
  
Chemical Structure: 5 alpha-androstan-2-oxa-17 alpha-methyl-17 beta-ol-3-one  
  
Molecular Weight Of Base: 306.4442  
  
Effective Dose: 30-100 mg/day for men, 10-50 mg/day for women  
  
Anavar  
  
(Oxandrolone)  
  
One of the mildest and perhaps the most efficiently well-tolerated anabolic
steroid on the marketOxandrolone has become very popular among performance
enhancers, especially in the female community but remains a staple in the
treatment of many muscle wasting diseases. Originally developed in 1964 by
Searle Laboratories, (absorbed by Pfizer in 2003)the same manufacturer who
brought us other well-known items such as Celebrex, Ambien, Dramamine and
NutraSweet, Oxandrolone hit the shelves under the trade name Anavar and has
been a favorite of many ever since. While Anavar is not a very powerful
steroid, milligram for milligram it is one of the weakest ever made, it holds
the distinction as being the most side-effect friendly with the strong
majority of effects being only of a positive nature.  
  
Best Place to Buy Real Steroids  
  
Steroid orders are being shipped worldwide, no matter if you live in USA, UK,
Ireland, South Africa, France, Germany, Spain, Canada, And the delivery of
order is guaranteed because it directly targets our reputation. To exclude any
doubts, all steroids online purchases come with a reshipping policy for
missing, seized or damaged packages.  
  
Best Group can afford to sell steroids legally at discount competitive bulk
prices, because, as mentioned above we are an approved anabolic steroid
supplier and not an intermediate or affiliate site or worse scammers. (You can
convince yourself by placing a small order). We are the biggest online group
with 6 individual stores and growing our main goal is not just the steroids
sale, but bodybuilding performance, that can be obtained by using genuine
anabolics from our stores.  
  
We are currently the only store that offers this option we will repack your
order so that orals are send with supplement stickers in original boxes orals
will be send as capsules or liquid orals depending on the destination we
reserve the right to choose.. And Injectables are send in pharmaceutical
cosmetic containers. Peptides and hormone are repacked and send as cosmetic
products by placing an order you have agreed to our terms.  
  
Not only do we repack all products with this option so that no authorities,
girlfriend, parents, friends or neighbors will ever know, we also do it for
free. There is no chance that anybody would open your hairspray bottle
suspecting steroids inside it all our containers are specially made and
sterilized in state of the art labs for this purpose. We have been having
costumers hiding there medicines for years after the purchase without anybody
suspecting it.  
  
​If you want to have original boxes and stickers please pay 10 USD extra and
we will send them to you separately in this case its better if you provide us
with two different addresses so we can send them the same time.  
  
​Above Shipping method is safe and 100 % guarantee of delivery if you looking
for 100 % guarantee delivery.  
  
​World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 5-30 working days  
​Express World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 7-14 working days
Refund policy
Best Place to Buy Real Steroids  
  
Steroid orders are being shipped worldwide, no matter if you live in USA, UK,
Ireland, South Africa, France, Germany, Spain, Canada, And the delivery of
order is guaranteed because it directly targets our reputation. To exclude any
doubts, all steroids online purchases come with a reshipping policy for
missing, seized or damaged packages.  
  
Best Group can afford to sell steroids legally at discount competitive bulk
prices, because, as mentioned above we are an approved anabolic steroid
supplier and not an intermediate or affiliate site or worse scammers. (You can
convince yourself by placing a small order). We are the biggest online group
with 6 individual stores and growing our main goal is not just the steroids
sale, but bodybuilding performance, that can be obtained by using genuine
anabolics from our stores.  
  
We are currently the only store that offers this option we will repack your
order so that orals are send with supplement stickers in original boxes orals
will be send as capsules or liquid orals depending on the destination we
reserve the right to choose.. And Injectables are send in pharmaceutical
cosmetic containers. Peptides and hormone are repacked and send as cosmetic
products by placing an order you have agreed to our terms.  
  
Not only do we repack all products with this option so that no authorities,
girlfriend, parents, friends or neighbors will ever know, we also do it for
free. There is no chance that anybody would open your hairspray bottle
suspecting steroids inside it all our containers are specially made and
sterilized in state of the art labs for this purpose. We have been having
costumers hiding there medicines for years after the purchase without anybody
suspecting it.  
  
​If you want to have original boxes and stickers please pay 10 USD extra and
we will send them to you separately in this case its better if you provide us
with two different addresses so we can send them the same time.  
  
​Above Shipping method is safe and 100 % guarantee of delivery if you looking
for 100 % guarantee delivery.  
  
​World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 5-30 working days  
​Express World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 7-14 working days
