TITLE: DIANABOL 50 MG/CAPSULE OR ML MONSTERLAB | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
DIANABOL 50 MG/CAPSULE OR ML MONSTERLAB | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Steroids
DIANABOL 50 MG/CAPSULE OR ML MONSTERLAB
monsterlabstore
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 112
Sales: 377
70 USD
Shipping from Unknown Location to World Wide
Shipping methods:  International flat rate ― 30 day ― 10 USD  International
express ― 14 day ― 70 USD  Already payed 1 shipping ― 30 day ― 0 USD
Posted 9 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
PRODUCT INFO Item: 02 ALTERNATIVE STEROID NAMES: Methandienone, Anabol,
Dianabol, D-bol, Methanabol, Methandrostenolone, Bionabol, Metanabol,
Anabolin, Methanabolic, Methan D 10 ACTIVE SUBSTANCE: Methandrostenolone 50
MG/CAPSULE 100 CAPSULES OR ML DEPENDING ON DESTINATION  
  
Usual dosages: 30-100 mg per day  
  
Detection time: 5 - 8 Weeks  
  
Best combined with: Bulking: Deca Durabolin, Sustanon, Winstrol Cutting:
Dianabol is usually not used in Cutting cycles.  
  
Pros: great bulking drug, even small amounts produce good results, easily
obtainable, low cost. Cons: Pronounces side-effects, widely counterfeited,
gains are lost after the cycle.  
  
Active Life: 6-8 hours Drug Class: Anabolic/Androgenic Steroid (Oral) Average
dose: Men 30-100 mg/dayWomen 10-30 mg/day Acne: Yes, especially in higher
dosages Water Retention: Yes, similar to testosterone High Blood Pressure: Yes
Liver Toxic: Yes Aromatization: Yes DHT Conversion: No Decrease HPTA function:
Yes, dose and cycle length dependant Detection time: 5-8 weeks Dianabol
(Methandrostenolone, Methandienone) It is one of the oldest anabolic steroids
ever created and since its appearance it has remained one of the most popular
of all time and for good reason there is truly nothing else quite like it!
Originally brought to us by Ciba Pharmaceuticals, thanks to U.S. Olympic Team
doctor John Zeigler, Dianabolor Dbol as it is commonly known was the first
oral anabolic steroid ever created. While manyanabolic steroids were first
synthesized with a therapeutic  
  
Best Place to Buy Real Steroids  
  
Steroid orders are being shipped worldwide, no matter if you live in USA, UK,
Ireland, South Africa, France, Germany, Spain, Canada, And the delivery of
order is guaranteed because it directly targets our reputation. To exclude any
doubts, all steroids online purchases come with a reshipping policy for
missing, seized or damaged packages.  
  
Best Group can afford to sell steroids legally at discount competitive bulk
prices, because, as mentioned above we are an approved anabolic steroid
supplier and not an intermediate or affiliate site or worse scammers. (You can
convince yourself by placing a small order). We are the biggest online group
with 6 individual stores and growing our main goal is not just the steroids
sale, but bodybuilding performance, that can be obtained by using genuine
anabolics from our stores.  
  
We are currently the only store that offers this option we will repack your
order so that orals are send with supplement stickers in original boxes orals
will be send as capsules or liquid orals depending on the destination we
reserve the right to choose.. And Injectables are send in pharmaceutical
cosmetic containers. Peptides and hormone are repacked and send as cosmetic
products by placing an order you have agreed to our terms.  
  
Not only do we repack all products with this option so that no authorities,
girlfriend, parents, friends or neighbors will ever know, we also do it for
free. There is no chance that anybody would open your hairspray bottle
suspecting steroids inside it all our containers are specially made and
sterilized in state of the art labs for this purpose. We have been having
costumers hiding there medicines for years after the purchase without anybody
suspecting it.  
  
​If you want to have original boxes and stickers please pay 10 USD extra and
we will send them to you separately in this case its better if you provide us
with two different addresses so we can send them the same time.  
  
​Above Shipping method is safe and 100 % guarantee of delivery if you looking
for 100 % guarantee delivery.  
  
​World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 5-30 working days  
​Express World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 7-14 working days.
Refund policy
Best Place to Buy Real Steroids  
  
Steroid orders are being shipped worldwide, no matter if you live in USA, UK,
Ireland, South Africa, France, Germany, Spain, Canada, And the delivery of
order is guaranteed because it directly targets our reputation. To exclude any
doubts, all steroids online purchases come with a reshipping policy for
missing, seized or damaged packages.  
  
Best Group can afford to sell steroids legally at discount competitive bulk
prices, because, as mentioned above we are an approved anabolic steroid
supplier and not an intermediate or affiliate site or worse scammers. (You can
convince yourself by placing a small order). We are the biggest online group
with 6 individual stores and growing our main goal is not just the steroids
sale, but bodybuilding performance, that can be obtained by using genuine
anabolics from our stores.  
  
We are currently the only store that offers this option we will repack your
order so that orals are send with supplement stickers in original boxes orals
will be send as capsules or liquid orals depending on the destination we
reserve the right to choose.. And Injectables are send in pharmaceutical
cosmetic containers. Peptides and hormone are repacked and send as cosmetic
products by placing an order you have agreed to our terms.  
  
Not only do we repack all products with this option so that no authorities,
girlfriend, parents, friends or neighbors will ever know, we also do it for
free. There is no chance that anybody would open your hairspray bottle
suspecting steroids inside it all our containers are specially made and
sterilized in state of the art labs for this purpose. We have been having
costumers hiding there medicines for years after the purchase without anybody
suspecting it.  
  
​If you want to have original boxes and stickers please pay 10 USD extra and
we will send them to you separately in this case its better if you provide us
with two different addresses so we can send them the same time.  
  
​Above Shipping method is safe and 100 % guarantee of delivery if you looking
for 100 % guarantee delivery.  
  
​World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 5-30 working days  
​Express World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 7-14 working days
